20180330: resolved it!!  Had jumped ahead with using the help_path in _header and _footer which tripped the test.
Now on the next item: setting up a test checking for such named routes globally.

20180328: ditto.. unresolved exercise

20180325: exercise here: "It’s possible to use a named route other than the default using the as: option. Drawing inspiration from this famous Far Side comic strip, change the route for the Help page to use helf (Listing 5.29)." didn't yield 'green'
on the bundle exec rake test..(?)

20180317: learned to nest a second instance of an id: #logo and #logo:hover to #logo {.. &:hover {..}..}.  It's an
.scss thing. LESS converts it back later on.

20180314: stopped at 'nesting'

20180312: stopped here: Efficiency in production in 5.2.1 The asset pipeline

20180304: ch: 5 stopped at 5.1.2 Bootstrap and custom CSS

20180221: in Ch: 5, stopped here: Listing 5.2.. The Home page with a link to the signup page.

20180209: working examples at end of 'Modifying Built-in classes'

20180129: done, next up is a return to CSS.

20180127: hashes & symbols, exercises done; read up on ruby merge though!

20180126: hashes & symbols, exercises 1 and 2 done.

20171213: finished on "Assign s to the string resulting from joining a on nothing." in arrays and ranges.

20170724: Exercises part of Ruby Class Constructors; hashes and arrays I get but initial values vs. default values trip
me up a little.

20170716: At the exercise part of hashes & symbols.

20170715: "Hash values can be virtually anything, even other hashes, as seen in Listing 4.13." Review prior to doing
the exercises.

20170714: "7. For example, consider a hash named flash with keys for two conditions, :success and :danger:"